---
layout: single
title: "00_Web Basic"
categories: 
 - Pop Quiz
tags:
 - web
 - quiz
 - web service
 - HTML
 - HTTP
 - rendering
 - web server
 - URL
 - browser
 - localhost
 - IP
---

### *Web Basic*



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<br/>

<br/>

1. What are the four elements for implementing web services?

   -> Server side scripting language / Client side scripting language / CSS / Database  <br/>

2. Addresses such as URLs (universal resource locator) and IPs are made for people to understand and memorize easily. Yes or No? 

   -> Yes <br/>

3. HTML is abbreviation for...

   -> Hyper Text Markup Language <br/>

4. CSS is abbreviation for...

   -> Cascading Style Sheets <br/>

5. What does the URL "http://localhost" specifically mean?

   -> Loopback address 127.0.0.1, access to your own IP, and using your local host machine like a server. <br/>

6. Explain what happens when you type "localhost/example1.html" as a URL in the Browser.

   -> After finding your own IP address and the request reaching the web server, the computer finds the web page. Out of the requested web pages, it sends the content after rendering syntax for 'example1.html' html, and the client's web browser shows the web page. <br/>

7. If you enter "localhost/example1.php" in the browser as a URL, where does the program "example1.php" run and what happens as a result? Note that browser is a client program for a program called web server or system and explain what happens.

   -> When you type "localhost/example1.php" on the HTTP client (browser), DNS tells you the IP address of the localhost. The web browser takes the IP address and requests the main page to the web server that matches the URL. The server program takes "example1.php" through the file system and delivers it to the PHP interpreter. If a MySQL statement is included, forward it to the MySQL engine and deliver the results to the PHP interpreter. The web server delivers the file (example1.php) to the client and shows the content with a web browser. <br/>

